docs: Search Metadata Batch 04 (#14596)
hashicorp/consul: website/content/docs/connect/config-entries/index.mdx

---
layout: docs
page_title: Configuration Entry Overview
description: >-

> Configuration entries define global proxy behaviors in the service mesh in order to secure and manage traffic. Learn about Consul’s different config entry kind and get links to configuration reference pages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Configuration entries define service mesh behaviors in order to secure and manage traffic. Learn about Consul’s different config entry kinds and get links to configuration reference pages.
```
